docs(material/chips): require announcing removal of chip to AT (#27197)
angular/components: src/material/chips/chips.md

Always apply MatChipRemove to a `<button>` element, never a `<mat-icon>` element.

> When implementing the `removed` Output for MatChipRemove, ensure that removing chip is communicated to screen readers. One way to accomplish this is by sending a message with `LiveAnnouncer`. Otherwise, removing a chip will be only be communicated visually and some users might not be aware that it was removed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `MatChipRemove`, you should always communicate removals for assistive technology. One way to accomplish this is by sending a message with `LiveAnnouncer`. Otherwise, removing a chip may only be communicated visually.

```

Author: Accepted suggestion
